Expand DocC: config-type reference, rebalances/events, error handling, observability (#248)
swift-server/swift-kafka-client: Sources/Kafka/Kafka.docc/HandlingErrors.md

# Handling errors

> Learn where Kafka errors surface and how to classify them to decide whether to retry, recreate the client, or fail.

Reviewer: What would you think to making this more active:
```suggestion
Find where Kafka errors surface and classify them to decide whether to retry, recreate the client, or fail.
```

## Overview

Both the producer and the consumer report failures as ``KafkaError`` values. A ``KafkaError`` carries a ``KafkaError/code`` describing the kind of failure and, when the error originates from librdkafka, a ``KafkaError/rdKafkaCode`` with the specific underlying code. The ``KafkaError/isFatal`` and ``KafkaError/isRetriable`` flags tell you how to respond.

> ## Where errors surface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Find where errors surface
```

(makes the section heading an imperative phrase)

## Classify an error

Use ``KafkaError/isFatal`` and ``KafkaError/isRetriable`` to decide how to respond, and inspect ``KafkaError/rdKafkaCode`` for finer-grained handling:

```swift
func handle(_ error: KafkaError, logger: Logger) {
    // A fatal error means the client instance can no longer be used:
    // shut it down and create a new one.
    if error.isFatal {
        logger.critical("Fatal Kafka error, recreate the client", metadata: ["error": "\(error)"])
        return
    }

    // A retriable error may succeed if the operation is attempted again.
    if error.isRetriable {
        logger.warning("Retriable Kafka error, retrying", metadata: ["error": "\(error)"])
        return
    }

    // For finer-grained handling, inspect the underlying librdkafka code.
    switch error.rdKafkaCode {
    case .allBrokersDown, .transport:
        logger.warning("Lost connectivity to the cluster", metadata: ["error": "\(error)"])
    case .authentication, .ssl:
        logger.error("Authentication or TLS failure", metadata: ["error": "\(error)"])
    default:
        logger.error("Kafka error", metadata: ["kind": "\(error.code)", "error": "\(error)"])
    }
}
```

> ``KafkaError/rdKafkaCode`` is `nil` for errors that don't originate from librdkafka — such as configuration or lifecycle errors — in which case ``KafkaError/isFatal`` and ``KafkaError/isRetriable`` are both `false`.

Reviewer: It's a unfortunate that this names the specific library (`librdkafka`) that this project wraps - makes the API a bit less flexible. But given the example above, and that there's notably meaningful error messages that you may want to pull from the RDKafkaCode type, I'd very much recommend adding a curation page (akin to KafkaConsumerConfig.md) to this collection with the details of what those errors mean, exposing it and making it more easily accessible for library consumers.

I would normally think `isRetriable` was mis-spelled (isRetryable is what I'd expect), but I see this maps directly to an API that's provided by librdkafka
